SDK is logging appSecret in verbose logs in clear text when enabling in-app updates (#1696)
microsoft/appcenter-sdk-apple: CHANGELOG.md

# App Center SDK for iOS, macOS and tvOS Change Log

## Version 2.2.1

### App Center Distribute

> * **[Fix]** Fix the logging appSecret in verbose logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[Fix]** Obfuscate app secret value that appears as URI part in verbose logs for in-app updates.
```
